Refreshed documentation so it reflects how users should interact with… (#266)
casper-network/casper-sidecar: README.md

## Summary of Purpose

The Casper Event Sidecar is an application that runs in tandem with the node process. It's main purpose is to:
* offload the node from broadcasting SSE events to multiple clients

> * provide "userspace" functionalities that aren't part of the nodes functionality nor should be

Reviewer: I'd like to keep a bit of the original detail.

```suggestion
The Casper Event Sidecar is an application that runs in tandem with the node process, allowing subscribers to monitor a node's event stream. The Sidecar's primary purpose is to:
* offload the node from broadcasting SSE events to multiple clients
* provide client features that aren't part of the nodes' functionality, nor should they be

Users needing access to the JSON-RPC will still need to query the node directly.
```

* provide "userspace" functionalities that aren't part of the nodes functionality nor should be

While the primary use case for the Sidecar application is running alongside the node on the same machine, it can be run remotely if necessary.

### System Components & Architecture

> ![Sidecar Diagram](/images/SidecarDiagram.png)

Reviewer: I see that the diagram was removed, but it was useful. Any plans to add a new diagram?
Also, it is referenced below on line 58.

Casper Nodes offer a Node Event Stream API returning Server-Sent Events (SSEs) that hold JSON-encoded data. The SSE Sidecar uses this API to achieve the following goals:

* Build a sidecar middleware service that reads the Event Stream of all connected nodes, acting as a passthrough and replicating the SSE interface of the connected nodes and their filters (i.e., `/main`, `/deploys`, and `/sigs` with support for the use of the `?start_from=` query to allow clients to get previously sent events from the Sidecar's buffer).

* Provide a new RESTful endpoint that is discoverable to node operators. See the [usage instructions](USAGE.md) for details.

> The SSE Sidecar uses one ring buffer for outbound events, providing some robustness against unintended subscriber disconnects. If a disconnected subscriber re-subscribes before the buffer moves past their last received event, there will be no gap in the event history if they use the `start_from` URL query.

Reviewer: This deleted content still seems useful. I know the filters have changed (there is a single stream now), but the rest still seems applicable. I see that you included details below about the SSE server and the REST endpoint, but leaving a summary here would also be good. Let's discuss this.

Author: Ok, I'll add an introduction here.

Reviewer: The intro looks good. I left some wording changes.

> There are following components and external dependencies in the system:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The system has the following components and external dependencies:
```

   CONFIG --> CASPER-SIDECAR
   STORAGE[(Storage)]
   NODE_SSE(("Casper Node SSE port"))
   NODE_BINARY(("Casper Node binary port"))
   RPC_API_SERVER --> NODE_BINARY
   SSE_SERVER --> NODE_SSE
   SSE_SERVER --> STORAGE
   STORAGE --> REST_API
```

> #### SSE Server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### SSE Server

Diving into the SSE Server, we see the following components:
```

```mermaid

>    graph TD;

Reviewer: Are these supposed to render as graphs? They don't seem as friendly as a diagram.

Author: You will need a `mermaid` plugin in your IDE

   CLIENT{Client}
   CLIENT --> SSE_SERVER_API
   STORAGE[("Storage")]
   CONFIG{{"Config file (toml)"}}
   MAIN --1.reads--> CONFIG
   NODE_SSE{Node SSE port}
   SSE_LISTENER --2--> STORAGE
   NODE_SSE --1--> SSE_LISTENER
   subgraph "Casper sidecar"
     MAIN[main.rs]
     MAIN --2.spawns---> SSE-SERVER
     subgraph SSE-SERVER
        SSE_SERVER_API["SSE API"]
        RING_BUFFER["Events buffer"]
        SSE_SERVER_API --> RING_BUFFER
        SSE_LISTENER --3--> RING_BUFFER
        subgraph "For connection in connections"
          SSE_LISTENER["SSE Listener"]   
        end
     end
   end
```
In the above diagram the steps of processing of the SSE Listener are:
1. Fetch an event from the nodes SSE port
2. Store the event in the Storage

> 3. Publish the event to the SSE API

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Given the flow above, the SSE Listener processes events in this order:
1. Fetch an event from the node's SSE port
2. Store the event
3. Publish the event to the SSE API
```

Casper Nodes offer a Node Event Stream API returning Server-Sent Events (SSEs) that hold JSON-encoded data. Sidecar reads the Event Stream of all connected nodes, acting as a passthrough and replicating the SSE interface of the connected nodes. Sidecar can:
* republishes the current events from the node to clients that listen to sidecars SSE API
* can publish a configurable number of previous events to clients that connect to sidecar's SSE API with `?start_from=` query (analogously as the node's SSE API)

> * stores the events in external storage for presenting in the REST API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Casper nodes offer an event stream API that returns Server-Sent Events (SSEs) with JSON-encoded data. The Sidecar reads the event stream of all connected nodes, acting as a passthrough and replicating the SSE interface of the connected nodes. The Sidecar can:
* republish the current events from the node to clients listening to Sidecar's SSE API
* publish a configurable number of previous events to clients connecting to the Sidecar's SSE API with `?start_from=` query (similar to the node's SSE API)
* store the events in external storage for clients to query them via the Sidecar's REST API
```

> The SSE Server of Sidecar is optional. 

Reviewer: In what sense is this optional? Let's be more specific:

```suggestion
Enabling and configuring the SSE Server of the Sidecar is optional. 
```

#### REST API Server
```mermaid
   graph LR;
   CLIENT{Client}
   CLIENT --> REST_API
   STORAGE[("Storage")]
   REST_API --> STORAGE
   CONFIG{{"Config file (toml)"}}
   MAIN --1.reads--> CONFIG
   subgraph "Casper sidecar"
      MAIN[main.rs]
      MAIN --2.spawns--> REST_API
      REST_API["REST API"]
   end
```

> Sidecar offers a REST API that allows clients to query the events stored in external storage. The REST API is optional. The specific endpoints of the REST API is discoverable to node operators. See [OpenAPI](#openapi-specification) and [Swagger](#swagger-documentation) sections. Also, see the [usage instructions](USAGE.md) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sidecar offers an optional REST API that allows clients to query the events stored in external storage. Node operators can discover the specific endpoints of the REST API using [OpenAPI] (#openapi-specification) and [Swagger] (#swagger-documentation). Also, the [usage instructions](USAGE.md) provide more details.
```

#### ADMIN API Server
```mermaid
   graph LR;
   CLIENT{Client}
   CLIENT --> ADMIN_API
   CONFIG{{Config file}}
   MAIN --1.reads--> CONFIG
   subgraph "Casper sidecar"
      MAIN[main.rs]
      MAIN --2.spawns--> ADMIN_API
      ADMIN_API["ADMIN API"]
   end
```

> Sidecar offers an ADMIN API that allows the operator to look into the current operation of Sidecar. The ADMIN API is optional. For details please see the [admin server configuration](#admin-server).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sidecar offers an administrative API to allow an operator to check its current status. The Sidecar operator has the option to enable and configure this API. Please see the [admin server configuration](#admin-server) for details.
```

Reviewer: It is good to move this before the graph, to introduce it. Same comment for all other sections.

#### RPC API Server
```mermaid
   graph LR;
   CLIENT{Client}
   CLIENT --> RPC_API
   CONFIG{{Config file}}
   MAIN --1.reads--> CONFIG
   CASPER_NODE(("Casper Node binary port"))
   RPC_API --forwards request--> CASPER_NODE
   subgraph "Casper sidecar"
      MAIN[main.rs]
      MAIN --2.spawns--> RPC_API
      RPC_API["RPC JSON API"]
   end
```
Sidecar offers an RPC JSON API. This module is optional. It is a json bridge between the end users and the binary port od casper node. The RPC API server forwards the requests to the Casper Node binary port. 
For more details on how the RPC JSON API works please see the [rpc sidecar README](rpc_sidecar/README.md).

> To discuss the configuration of RPC API let's consider the following configuration section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sidecar offers an optional RPC JSON API module that can be enabled and configured. It is a JSON bridge between end users and a Casper node's binary port. The RPC API server forwards requests to the Casper node's binary port. For more details on how the RPC JSON API works, see the [RPC Sidecar README](rpc_sidecar/README.md).

Here is an example configuration of the RPC API server:
```

```
[rpc_server.main_server]
enable_server = true
address = '0.0.0.0:7777'
qps_limit = 100
max_body_bytes = 2_621_440
cors_origin = ''

[rpc_server.node_client]
address = '127.0.0.1:28101'
max_request_size_bytes = 4_194_304
max_response_size_bytes = 4_194_304
request_limit = 3
request_buffer_size = 16

[rpc_server.speculative_exec_server]
enable_server = true
address = '0.0.0.0:7778'
qps_limit = 1
max_body_bytes = 2_621_440
cors_origin = ''

[rpc_server.node_client.exponential_backoff]
initial_delay_ms = 1000
max_delay_ms = 32_000
coefficient = 2
max_attempts = 30
```

> * `main_server.enable_server` - If set to true, the RPC API server will be enabled
> * `main_server.address` - Address under which the main RPC API server will be available
> * `main_server.qps_limit` - The maximum number of requests per second
> * `main_server.max_body_bytes` - Maximum body size of request to API in bytes

Reviewer: Add a "." after each bullet point to be consistent with the rest of the document.
```suggestion
* `main_server.enable_server` - The RPC API server will be enabled if set to true.
* `main_server.address` - Address under which the main RPC API server will be available.
* `main_server.qps_limit` - The maximum number of requests per second.
* `main_server.max_body_bytes` - Maximum body size of request to API in bytes.
```

> * `main_server.cors_origin` - allow configuration of the CORS Origin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `main_server.cors_origin` - Configures the CORS origin.
```

> * `speculative_exec_server.enable_server` - If set to true, the speculative RPC API server will be enabled
> * `speculative_exec_server.address` - Address under which the speculative RPC API server will be available
> * `speculative_exec_server.qps_limit` - The maximum number of requests per second
> * `speculative_exec_server.max_body_bytes` - Maximum body size of request to API in bytes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `speculative_exec_server.enable_server` - If set to true, the speculative RPC API server will be enabled.
* `speculative_exec_server.address` - Address under which the speculative RPC API server will be available.
* `speculative_exec_server.qps_limit` - The maximum number of requests per second.
* `speculative_exec_server.max_body_bytes` - Maximum body size of request to API in bytes.
```

> * `speculative_exec_server.cors_origin` - allow configuration of the CORS Origin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `speculative_exec_server.cors_origin` - Configures the CORS origin.
```

> * `node_client.address` - Address of the Casper Node binary port

Reviewer: Please also replace "binary port" with one of these ports referenced in the docs. Same comment for all other occurrences: 
[Networking port: 35000](https://docs.casper.network/operators/setup/node-endpoints/#35000)
[JSON-RPC HTTP server port: 7777](https://docs.casper.network/operators/setup/node-endpoints/#7777)
[REST HTTP server port: 8888](https://docs.casper.network/operators/setup/node-endpoints/#8888)
[SSE HTTP event stream server port: 9999](https://docs.casper.network/operators/setup/node-endpoints/#9999)

```suggestion
* `node_client.address` - Address of a Casper node binary port.
```

Author: Binary port is a new port that the node will expose since 2.0. I don't know what the deault value for it is, it's not in the docs for sure.

> * `node_client.max_request_size_bytes` - Maximum request size to the binary port in bytes
> * `node_client.max_response_size_bytes` - Maximum response size from the binary port in bytes
> * `node_client.request_limit` - Maximum number of in-flight requests
> * `node_client.request_buffer_size` - Number of node requests that can be buffered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `node_client.max_request_size_bytes` - Maximum request size to the binary port in bytes.
* `node_client.max_response_size_bytes` - Maximum response size from the binary port in bytes.
* `node_client.request_limit` - Maximum number of in-flight requests.
* `node_client.request_buffer_size` - Number of node requests that can be buffered.
```

> * `node_client.exponential_backoff.initial_delay_ms` - Timeout after the first broken connection in milliseconds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `node_client.exponential_backoff.initial_delay_ms` - Timeout after the first broken connection (backoff) in milliseconds.
```

> * `node_client.exponential_backoff.max_delay_ms` - Maximum timeout after a broken connection in milliseconds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `node_client.exponential_backoff.max_delay_ms` - Maximum timeout after a broken connection in milliseconds.
```

> * `node_client.exponential_backoff.coefficient` - Coefficient for the exponential backoff. The next timeout is calculated as min(`current_timeout * coefficient`, `max_delay_ms`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `node_client.exponential_backoff.coefficient` - Coefficient for the exponential backoff. The next timeout is calculated as min(`current_timeout * coefficient`, `max_delay_ms`).
```

> * `node_client.exponential_backoff.max_attempts` - = Maximum number of times we try to reconnect to the binary port of the node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `node_client.exponential_backoff.max_attempts` - Maximum number of times to try to reconnect to the binary port of the node.
```

## Summary of Purpose

The Casper Event Sidecar is an application that runs in tandem with the node process. It's main purpose is to:
* offload the node from broadcasting SSE events to multiple clients
* provide client features that aren't part of the nodes' functionality, nor should they be

While the primary use case for the Sidecar application is running alongside the node on the same machine, it can be run remotely if necessary.

### System Components & Architecture

> Casper Sidecar has three main functionalities:
> * Providing a SSE server with a firehose `/events` endpoint that streams all events from the connected nodes. Sidecar also stores observed events in storage.
> * Providing a REST API server that allows clients to query events in storage.
> * Be a JSON RPC bridge between end users and a Casper node's binary RPC port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Casper Sidecar has three main functionalities:
* It provides an SSE server with an `/events` endpoint that streams all events from the connected nodes. The Sidecar also stores observed events in storage.
* It allows clients to query events in storage via a REST API server.
* It is a JSON RPC bridge between end users and a Casper node's binary RPC port.
```

Once you create the configuration file and are ready to run the Sidecar service, you must provide the configuration as an argument using the `-- --path-to-config` option as described [here](#running-the-sidecar).

### SSE Node Connections

> Casper Sidecars SSE component can can connect to Casper nodes SSE endpoints with versions greater or equal to `2.0.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Casper Sidecar's SSE component can connect to Casper nodes' SSE endpoints with versions greater or equal to `2.0.0`.
```

wal_autocheckpointing_interval = 1000
```

* `storage.sqlite_config.file_name` - The database file path.

> * `storage.sqlite_config.max_connections_in_pool` - The maximum number of connections to the database. (Should generally be left as is.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `storage.sqlite_config.max_connections_in_pool` - The maximum number of connections to the database (should generally be left as is).
```

```
[rest_api_server]
enable_server = true
port = 18888
max_concurrent_requests = 50
max_requests_per_second = 50
request_timeout_in_seconds = 10
```

> * `enable_server` - If set to true, the RPC API server will be enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `enable_server` - If set to true, the RPC API server will be enabled.
```

event_stream_buffer_length = 5000
```

The `sse_server.event_stream_server` section specifies a port for the Sidecar's event stream.

Additionally, there are the following two options:

> * `event_stream_server.port` - Port under which the sse server is published

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `event_stream_server.port` - Port under which the SSE server is published.
```

* `event_stream_server.max_concurrent_subscribers` - The maximum number of subscribers that can monitor the Sidecar's event stream.
* `event_stream_server.event_stream_buffer_length` - The number of events that the stream will hold in its buffer for reference when a subscriber reconnects.

### Admin Server

This optional section configures the Sidecar's administrative server. If this section is not specified, the Sidecar will not start an admin server.

```
[admin_api_server]
enable_server = true
port = 18887
max_concurrent_requests = 1
max_requests_per_second = 1
```

> * `enable_server` - If set to true, the RPC API server will be enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `enable_server` - If set to true, the RPC API server will be enabled.
```
